# Player Value Football Manager 24
How do you know if a player is Undervalued or Overvalued? If you know they're Age, Current Ability (CA), and Potential Abliity (PA) if you're experienced in Football Manager 24 you can kinda know it. So what i did is try to mathematically see it it possible to see it. And from what i have tested you can.
# How does it Work?
What i do is try to predict the player Transfer Value or more spesific they're Lower Transfer Value. Next i calculate the Ratio betwewn Actual Lower Transfer Value and the Predicted Lower Transfer Value. if a Player has the Actual/Predict Ratio Lower then 1 that mean they are Undervalued if it's higher then 1 then the player is Overvalued.
# How to predict Player Transfer Value?
Using basic Machine Learning. There is 2 Model that i used to predict a player Lower Transfer Value, Power Law Regression and Random Forest Regression. Why i use Power Law Regression? because i realize in general the higher the CA the higher they're Transfer Value and it grow exponentially and not linearly. But then i realize for outlier like a person who has High CA and PA and is young, they're predicted value is 10 Billion dollar which doesn't make any sense. So i used Random Forest Regression and the predicion make much more sense.
# How to Use The Code
The code only work if you're 'cheating' in Football Manager 24 an use the in game editor. So if you're not willing 'cheating' in Football Manager 24 don't use this code. 1. Download the Code and the xlsx file called "Training Data.xlsx". Put them in the same file directory 2. Have an xlsx file that atleast has Name, Age, CA, PA, and Transfer Value of the players that you're interested, or followed (Scout Data) instruction bellow. 3. Run the Code. 4. If you wanna see the player that is Undervalued using Linear Regression is in the xlsx called "_Full_ScoutData_TransferValue_Model1", if you wanna use Random Forest Regression open "_Full_ScoutData_TransferValue_Model2"
# Scout Data
Open Football Manager 24, go to Scouting>Players>Players in Range. Make sure to check off Interested in so you have more player. Make sure in your custom view you have Name, Age, CA, PA, and Transfer Value on. Using this video technique "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XF3CIWu6rM", Name the xlsx file "SCOUT DATA.xlsx" and put the file in the same file directory as the code and the "Training Data.xlsx"
# Big problem with the Code
if you use the technique of (Scout Data) there is A LOT of player data that has no name because you're scout doesn't know they're name. And if the scout data player transfer value is 'Not For Sale' they're not calculating predicted transfer value and they're ratio.
